[Music]
Okay, what's up family, welcome to
those who are arriving now, let's
comment on one last
brando for Kings Day, thank you very much, let's
comment on a Chocas jump, but
writing that you sent me this,
the girls who are very
talented, Pastorita, if you want to
follow her, okay, on Instagram, Pastorita, you are
incredible, the tattoos
are incredible, it turns out that this is from
then the other day, God, this is from the
same day that he is
apologizing
on the same day that he is
apologizing. What happens is that for some
reason you are asking me to
watch this again because apparently after
criticizing the salsa channels, it seems
that he said something else, isn't that what he
moved
is that we were watching this a little bit
to put on Georgina. Hey, there is this
camera, the Viennese one, and downstairs I am going to
leave this camera, it's not bad, it's not
bad, maybe we
can leave this camera
for when I react to things, no
family, do
you think that from this camera here
to react to things and then in
it,
in the yachting, we have the other one,
no
salt, yes or no,
yes, we would take it a little  like
when I stand here
when we see here we have the other one
and down here
we have this one
and so there's a little variety no or what
so we have the two families don't be
happy trying it tomorrow we'll try it
when I already have the cable that I already have
that one well configured because there's a lot of
difference between the lighting of one and
the other it's going to look a little weird but
if we manage to fix that one so it looks
the same light as this one that thing on the
ceiling the chroma well let's see
what happens with the clash you've already seen
insulting for 25 minutes some
person you've seen me expo will do
some idiot on twitter has seen such no no
no I haven't done it I'm already changing
but what you're asking me some
random from my
show the many thanks
welcome he just said that he's been
20 minutes without bothering anyone and he
says no no it's that I'm already walking
I'm already changing because he's been live for 25 minutes
without bothering anyone
[ __ ] is that he stops putting
some idiot who passes by here in his place
don't make a mistake that will
never change I've been doing that since
I was 100  alive and I'm never going to change it
don't make any mistake and don't make any
mistake you're standing you guys
then what is going to change
exactly is because he just said I
'm already changing you've
seen me get into these twenty
minutes with someone literally just
arrived I'm already changing and it will continue
30 30 minutes later he says I'm going to continue
enjoying myself and putting in their place
all those who come to annoy me I'm
not going to change then we agreed
very michu what did we
agree on then you thought
that my change was to be an era that I
am now and oh there's going to be a
lot of people and I'm going to have a
sense of humor more for all audiences and I'm going to be
very good with everyone no if you
want to see and ibai you see him I
'm not by that's what it is don't ask me to
be like your favorites if you want to see them
see them hiding you put in
counting I don't I'm going something with the
[ __ ] I'm going to do it always I'm going
to change it never
besides I've said it many times let's
study it's that it
still seems to him he believes
in his mentality he believes  that I do
n't know what about mothers and the insults
he says to followers and all that he
thinks that's putting people in their place it's putting people in
their place
put people in their place when you
give him an explain and he's with good
arguments you
know people plan for me every time that he
looks completely ridiculous for him for
me personally
and it can't be tabulated
you have the plow there
were enough
someday you collide with my homemade food he's
always eating junk food he never
asked for eating something more normal it wasn't given they did
n't
put a sauce on it that I didn't
ask for she they chose the truth
is they got the wrong burrito they
sent a burrito that wasn't the one I
asked for they
sent me a
unity burrito because you said that to those who still
doubted you we would have the opportunity
to show that it could be better that was
the reason for my comment well I said it that's why I'm
sorry if the man interpreted
my comment it's because I commented on
that and I don't remember having commented on it
but if I commented on it I was wrong
and I don't remember having commented on
that but  better yes I have
commented on it in case I have
commented on it then I was wrong but
I have never asked anyone I don't think I have
said that maybe I am wrong
maybe I am wrong because I talk
many hours a day but I do not remember
having said that what I do remember
having said is that
I would like people all the
people that give me all the people that
interact with me on social networks or
especially the people that decide to watch me
on twitch live to
come back to see if there really
was a change over time
but not to give me a second
chance because I do not want a
second chance from anyone or a
third or a fifteenth but for the
mere fact of having my own criteria and
not believing all the pantomime that there is
on the internet about me but I do not
remember having said anything about
opportunities or anything like that and in case I
have said it which may be it is I have
mistaken in the term because it is not
a second chance what there would be
here whatever there is here is simply
people who have criteria and people who do not
have it there are people who are going to decide
simply  this guy has screwed up he has
done a [ __ ] [ __ ] he has messed with
my favorite streamer or he knows who is
a son of a [ __ ] don't come back here well I
respect him there is no problem and
then there will be other people who say
well let's see this guy has screwed up many
times the truth is I didn't like his attitude I did
n't like it the thing is that if you don't like my
attitude it's better that you don't come back
because he's not going to change but it is true that there is
an attitude that is wrong which is to
denigrate people so much
then to denigrate people so much
but then it is not clarified or rather he
is saying that he is not going to change that he is going to
continue doing the same thing
and now here he just said well I'm going to
change it from denigrating people so much
but a minute ago we just heard
that he was saying that he is going to continue
doing that are
you understanding something of what he is
saying because then I do not
understand what the change is going to be what is what he
learned of
course only from the multiple accounts do not be afraid in
advance laugh me before you say it I was
going to say exactly the
same then the only thing that is going to  change
is that you will no longer have multiple accounts the
only thing that
will change something but not the only thing
that will literally change is that you will
no longer have multiple accounts no
javi the video was heard louder than your
voice because of this microphone I think that
tomorrow what to configure the best I think
that he still does not configure it or
have a little patience to
polish the pse so new okay have a
little patience he
says something that does not contradict itself let's see I do
not understand I do not understand you know what
gave yes I am going to show you in this
thing
but of course for that I would need to know
where they send them to me I
know that they send them to me but I wait to see if it has
been in it
in the group of kids of crossing
7 it is called a file in the kids group I have
more and more in the
kids group man I
have more topics man
where did you tell me man
where have they told me also with this
one thing endorsements and the improvement by email I do not
know what of I do not know how much where it was man
I did not save it in captures or anything they do not
save screenshots or anything god
and now I don't know where it was they do
n't plant past people in the group
the boys who beat it
was a tweet
only from this guy now I don't know where it is
now but they sent me a tweet today
that I would like to read it literally
literally with the words that station
but I don't see it in my email I
don't see it in the group of kids it
was a tweet if you find it
send it to me he told it tomorrow okay it
was a you and in which the editor of the
chocas
the editor the chocas are not the
literal words okay but it was something like that it was a
tweet in which the editor of the chocas said that it
literally says
I have the power to take down the
channels of sal seo that I want right now
no what some people think that by putting
edited clips or with filters I don't know that I don't
know how much I can't throw it away
and it's like what the [ __ ] are you talking about and
why are you thinking about that I mean what the
[ __ ] are you talking about and why are you
thinking about that
who thinks they own YouTube
in the first place as explained many
times fair use is that
fair use doesn't exist in Spain in Spain there is what
the turning of the tortilla  of
potato and what you dislike the
balls is worth it
if you want to go to court and
want to debate that I would do it if
someone takes down my channel or dares to
throw in a video and I have a
problem on my channel because some mongol
or an [ __ ] decides to take down a
video because it's his, it gets angry whatever it
seems great to me but I would not
complain until the last
consequences of course but it is not about it
is as explained many times it is
not about
here in Spain it is not about whether
Facebook exists or not it is about the
terms of YouTube
and whoever creates a YouTube account
without reading it I finish it is their point the
problem
is a [ __ ] problem
you can take the content of
others transform it and convert it into a
criticism video into a reaction video
you can do it
what gets you with this is good I apply for a fight that
yes they can do it you ca
n't get
into trouble how do you hit with a with a
headbutt a group sweat like one that
they can get you in trouble
Javier raises his voice I can't raise my voice
so lost what's happening what's
happening he won't put outside now let's
fiddle a little
in a past information video you've been
asking stupid questions all night
really what you ask is
n't valid in an information video you can't
file a strike
in an information video you have to
go and you go to court and sue
you're not a judge
you go to court and sue
like people who have sued
sometimes do there are many people who have
sued to sue there are people who
win the wifi people you lose them and they
have to keep the videos
let's see if they're messing with some
title that I saw the other day the other day I was
going to throw the video to the payment that a payment
that he made to me your children must be some sons
of [ __ ] son of a [ __ ] I don't know what do
you remember that video I don't know if I
mentioned it here live in one of the
videos of the main one that was thrown if I
find it I should file a complaint you're
crazy and the guy deleted the video
if you have some serious things that need to be
sued he has to report it  okay
but but but
you don't even understand
the meaning of that tweet,
who understands me, not even in the
sense of posting that tweet, why post
that tweet? Can I throw the corpses at the
pse or yes yes of course,
chocas hasn't reacted to anything, family was not
asked, I don't see the content
of chocas, I don't know if it only eats to that
video game or has also reacted to
things, no,
choca didn't react to a video, choque has
n't reacted to a video, he
never reacts to videos and things like that,
traction to many things, it
's not to be, he has sometimes reacted to
things like that but usually no no
so he reacts like no but to what
kind of things
but let's be it and if we don't
react, he doesn't react but I
can react but I the other one is on
the motorcycle, whoever wants
for those who are grabbing the
personal issue 6 they are noticeable in the criticism videos
but I want to understand, I do
n't even think there is one,
the donation
of one from
before just turned orange for me, I don't know why
and I say I hope he doesn't
look at curiosities with mine
choque, he's even throwing in live shows, in
his live shows you've always sent
whenever he wants  You can debate,
but what catches my attention is like the
editor's thing, it's like, what's the point of that
useful comment and why isn't that part
like that?
Later, there are serious problems, like if he/she
gives up on a channel because he/she is
angry with it at the moment and can't stand the
criticism, and you can get into trouble.
Mic, my, threw the channel away and Hibaika
was about to lose it,
but Fidel, the comments that I had left, I
tell him that he/she is coming and this is why
people throw it away.
[Music]